To summarize, we've talked about 3D reconstruction,
which is building 3D volume from voxels,
we talked about multi-planar reconstruction,
which is extracting non-primary 2D planes from the volume,
we've talked about windowing,
which is mapping the high range intensity space to 8-bit grayscale screen space,
and we've talked about registration,
which is bringing volumes to
the same coordinate system so that they could be overlaid on top of each other.
As a data scientist,
you will see that these tasks show up all the time,
and it is important to know the lingo and you
might have to do this task yourself when you are performing data set analysis.